If we were to partner with you tomorrow, we'd work on Factured, a tool that introduces cost-aware design principles to hardware engineering teams. Many engineers don't fully understand the costs and processes required to manufacture and scale their parts, creating internal friction with purchasing teams. Factured will use GenAl to analyze part specs, assembly files, and demand requirements to propose should-costs, assembly lines, and even find potential vendors to produce components, all before touching the supplier negotiation table.

The electronics hardware industry is a $680 Billion market that's projected to grow to over $1 Trillion by 2032. However, the engineering product development cycle is bottlenecked by ambitious designs that get reality checked by purchasing teams too late into timelines. 2.2% of electrical hardware firm ARR on average is lost annually on inefficient design iterations which stall launches and start-of-productions. This compounds for fast moving projects, where prototypes iterate very quickly. The smallest of design changes can affect prices dramatically, resetting assembly line planning and pricing negotiations. This can lead to massive delays, cost overruns, and internal conflicts within project teams.

Collectively, we talked to engineers at Tesla, Boeing, Home Depot, Amazon, and Milwaukee, who all complained about the same issue. Once designs are proposed, they have to pass through a lot of red tape before procurement teams can even look at them. By the time vendors return quotes, it's typically too late to make revisions. If the revisions are absolutely necessary, timelines get reset, capital is wasted, and the resulting parts are of lower quality to meet tight deadlines. We've experienced it firsthand, and we've talked to seasoned engineers who have been in this legacy industry for decades. We have internal excitement around Factured with engineering teams at Tesla and Home Depot. 

We're really excited about the opportunity to partner with AI2. Sid heard about it while working at Amazon, and we'd love to take advantage of AI House's resources to bring Factured's goal of integrating AI-native tools into this legacy industry. We know the landscape of AI shifts everyday and AI House will allow us to stay ahead of the curve. Your industry experts and connections would also make it significantly easier to find potential customers and reinforce our product market fit. If we were to partner with you tomorrow, we'd love to drop out of school and move to Seattle to work on this full time. We'd probably go hiking at the Cascades first.